AI doc update - Checkbox & Radio button (#4074)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/components/checkbox/style.mdx

  Structure and spacing measurements for vertical and horizontal checkbox
  groupings | px / rem
</Caption>

## AI presence

> The following are the unique styles applied to the components when the AI slug
> is present. Unless specified, all other tokens in the components remain the same
> as the non-AI variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only style modification an AI variant of the checkbox has is the addition of the slug. All other tokens in the component remain the same as the non-AI variants.
```

More information about designing for AI guidelines is coming soon.

| Element         | Property         | Token / Size        |

> | --------------- | ---------------- | ------------------- |
> | Linear-gradient | start            | `$ai-aura-start-sm` |
> |                 | stop             | `$ai-aura-stop`     |
> | Field           | border-bottom    | `$ai-border-strong` |
> |                 | background color | `$field` \*         |
> | AI slug         | size             | mini                |

Reviewer: Checkbox actually has none of these styles, its only modification is the slug.
```suggestion
| --------------- | ---------------- | ------------------- |
| AI slug         | size             | mini                |
```

> <Caption>

Reviewer: Remove this caption, no longer needed.
